style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/tracking/trace-agent-integrations.mdx

## Custom agents and OpenTelemetry

Use the Weave SDK directly to instrument custom agents, including any agent that emits OpenTelemetry spans. Weave accepts any OTel span and has special handling for [GenAI semantic-convention attributes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/gen-ai/gen-ai-agent-spans/) so your spans render in the **Agents** view.

> For more information, see [Trace your agents](/weave/guides/tracking/trace-agents). For a walkthrough, see the [Trace an agent quickstart](/weave/agents-quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to instrument custom agents with the Weave SDK directly, see [Trace your agents](/weave/guides/tracking/trace-agents). For a walkthrough, see the [Trace an agent quickstart](/weave/agents-quickstart).
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 1fb3fa551.
